1. How long can you reserve an EC2 Reserved Instance?

>  EC2 Reserved Instances can be reserved for 1 or 3 years only

2. You would like to deploy a High-Performance Computing (HPC) application on EC2 instances. Which EC2 instance type should you choose?

> Compute Optimized EC2 instances are great for compute-intensive workloads requiring high-performance processors (e.g., batch processing, media transcoding, high-performance computing, scientific modeling &amp; machine learning, and dedicated gaming servers).

3. Which EC2 Purchasing Option should you use for an application you plan to run on a server continuously for 1 year?

> Reserved Instances are good for long workloads. You can reserve EC2 instances for 1 or 3 years.

4. You have an e-commerce application with an OLTP database hosted on-premises. This application has popularity which results in its database has thousands of requests per second. You want to migrate the database to an EC2 instance. Which EC2 Instance Type should you choose to handle this high-frequency OLTP database?

   > Storage Optimized EC2 instances are great for workloads requiring high, sequential read/write access to large data sets on local storage.

5. You're planning to migrate on-premises applications to AWS. Your company has strict compliance requirements that require your applications to run on dedicated servers. You also need to use your own server-bound software license to reduce costs. Which EC2 Purchasing Option is suitable for you?

   > Dedicated Hosts are good for companies with strong compliance needs or for software that have complicated licensing models. This is the most expensive EC2 Purchasing Option available.

6. You would like to deploy a database technology on an EC2 instance and the vendor license bills you based on the physical cores and underlying network socket visibility. Which EC2 Purchasing Option allows you to get visibility into them?

   > Dedicated Hosts